#LyX 1.6.10 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language english
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family sfdefault
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize a4paper
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
Title page, including title, author, degree (BEng in Computer Science/Software
 Engineering, BSc in Artificial Intelligence & Computer Science, MSc in
 Computer Science, etc.), name of supervisor, name of institution ('School
 of Computer Science, University of Birmingham'), date.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Preamble, including 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Table of Contents; 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Abstract/synopsis (suggested length: half a page); 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Acknowledgements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this section, you should describe the motivation for the project.
 Explain whatever background the reader will need in order to understand
 your contribution.
 Include a clear and detailed statement of the project aims.
 Describe the requirement that your software is fulfilling.
 Explain exactly what your software does; what input or data it requires,
 and what output or results it delivers, or how it interacts with the user.
 Concentrate on what your software does; the question of how it does it
 will be dealt with in later sections.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conventionally, the last part of the introduction outlines the remainder
 of the dissertation, explaining what comes in each section.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Aims
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Motivation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Background
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Further background material.
 If your project is in a specialised area, it might be appropriate to provide
 more information than was given in your Introduction.
 Try to limit yourself just to what the reader needs to know to understand
 your contribution in the project.
 Put your work in the context of related existing work, commercial products,
 and research papers (if relevant).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Analysis and Specification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
How you analysed the problem, including user requirements.
 Give an appropriate specification of the solution (note that you are not
 expected to produce a requirements specification to industrial standards).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Solution Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Design.
 A high-level account of the structure of your software and how it works.
 What algorithms does it use? How do these compare with alternatives? What
 were the main design decisions you took, and their justifications? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Implementation & Testing
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Implementation and testing.
 A detailed account of the implementation and testing of your software.
 Explain what data structures you used, and how the algorithms were implemented.
 What implementation decisions did you take, and why? There is no need to
 list every little function and procedure and explain its working in elaborate
 detail; use your judgement on what is appropriate to include.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Evaluation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Summary/conclusions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conclusions.
 Here you will summarise your achievements and also the deficiencies of
 your project.
 You can also say what you would or could have done, if you had had more
 time or if things had worked out differently.
 It is important to be completely honest about the deficiencies and inadequacies
 of your work, such as they are.
 Part of your aim is to demonstrate your ability to recognise problems that
 remain.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Structure
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
User interface.
 If the interface forms a substantial part of your project (e.g.
 an HCI project), you will wish to include quite a lot of detail and explanation.
 In other projects the interface may be less of an important focus.
 Project management.
 How have you managed the writing of a substantial piece of software? Discuss
 the appropriateness of your methods in the light of your experience on
 the project.
 Results.
 You may have produced experimental results or other kinds of results during
 the course of your project.
 Appraisal.
 You should assess the success of your software.
 How does it compare with the original specification? How reliable is it?
 How have you tested it? Comment on its robustness (e.g., to unexpected data),
 performance (e.g., response times or processing times in different situations),
 etc.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
References and/or bibliography.
 List any books, articles, lecture notes, conference proceedings, manuals
 or other documents that you refer to in the dissertation and/or that were
 important in your work.
 Look in any published book for how to do this.
 Cite at least the authors, the title, the date and the publication details
 of each document.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Appendices.
 The dissertation must contain an appendix explaining file structure on
 the data CD submitted with it.
 The appendix must also contain an information on how the code should be
 run.
 Other appendices may include documents such as: the project proposal; a
 selection of experimental data; schedules; testing strategy; risk management
 plans; glossary; manual; etc.
 Don't include the source code as an appendix (submit it on CD; see below).
 Don't include voluminous appendices (these should also be submitted on
 a CD).
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
